fix: clarification, "using the OpenShift web console" (#2326)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-image-puller-on-openshift-using-cli.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

> :navtitle: Installing {image-puller-name-short} on OpenShift using CLI

Reviewer: Does it make sense to expand the navtitle to say "by using the" or is it better to keep it shorter?

:keywords: administration-guide, image-puller, openshift, openshift-templates, CLI
:page-aliases: .:installing-image-puller-on-openshift-using-openshift-templates,installing-image-puller-on-openshift-using-openshift-templates

> [id="installing-image-puller-on-openshift-using-cli_{context}"]

Author: ```suggestion
[id="installing-image-puller-on-openshift-by-using-the-cli_{context}"]
```

> = Installing {image-puller-name-short} on OpenShift using CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Installing {image-puller-name-short} on OpenShift by using CLI commands
```
or 
```suggestion
= Installing {image-puller-name-short} on OpenShift by using the CLI
```

> This procedure describes how to install the {image-puller-name} on OpenShift using OpenShift `oc` management tool.

Reviewer: * Guideline: Avoid self-reference. Focus on the user instead.
* Say "by using" to avoid the semantic noise that is created by "OpenShift using OpenShift" phrasing.
```suggestion
You can install the {image-puller-name} on OpenShift by using OpenShift `oc` management tool.
```
